[WIP] Fix documentation and some bugs (#52)
surfstudio/SurfGen: Docker/README.md

# Test Build On Linux

There ypu can find docker environent to test build in linux

There are:
- `BaseImage` - image with swift (installed by SurfGen's script)
- `Dockerfile` - image wich build SurfGen (based on BaseImage)

How to use it:
1. You need to build `BaseImage` - `docker build . -f BaseImage -t SurfGenEnv --no-cache`
2. It's important -> `-t SurfGenEnv` 
3. Then you need to build `Dockerfile` - `docker build . -f Dockerfile -t SurfGenTest --no-cache`
4. Then you need to run it to check build - `docker run SurfGenTest`

Profit.

> If ypu haven't ever work with docker - don't touch content of files and ask somebody in Issues. Or find out what is that Docker :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't ever worked with docker - don't touch content of files and ask somebody in Issues. Or find out what is that Docker :)
```
